Add `spike_train_injector` model (#2622)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/htmldoc/devices/stimulate_the_network.rst

- :doc:`../models/poisson_generator`
- :doc:`../models/spike_generator`

> For injecting prescribed spike trains with rate similar to normal neurons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For injecting prescribed spike trains (e.g. to mimic the output of regular neurons):
```
